Title: 
------
Jeopardy Contestant Data

Source: 
-------
This dataset was collected by a webcrawler from http://www.j-archive.com/

Attribute Information: 
----------------------
There are 17448 instances, with 18 attributes for each instance. 
iirc this is what the columns mean. 

Origin:     
The location from which the contestant hails at the time the game was filmed.

Occupation: 
The occupation of the contestant at the time the game was filmed.

Name:
Name of the contestant.

Game:       
Game number and date the game aired.

Is tournament?: 
1 if the game was played as part of a tournament, 0 if it was a normal jeopardy
tournament.

J! Score:       
The total score accumulated in the first round, aka the Jeopardy Round. 

DJ! Score:      
The total score accumulated in the second round, aka the Double Jeopardy round. 
This score will be a lot higher since the number of points awarded is doubled 
in the second round. 

FJ! Score:
The score that was accumlated in the Final Jeopardy round.

Coryat score:
The score of the player if wagering in Final Jeopardy and Daily Doubles is not
accounted for in their score. This is often a better measure of the players
overall skill. 

Right Answers:
Number of correct responses a player gave.

Wrong Answers:
Number of incorrect responses a player gave.

Rebs:
Rebounds, the number of questions that the player answered correctly after 
another player gave an incorrect answer. 

DDs:
Daily doubles, the number of daily doubles that this player got. 

DD gain/loss:
The amount that a player either gained or lost from daily doubles (positive
number for gain, negative number for loss).

FJ!:
R for right answer, W for wrong answer.

FJ! gain/loss:
The amount that the player gained or lost in the final jeopardy round. 

Team Batting Average:
The overall ratio of correct to incorrect responses for all players in the game
that was played.

Batting Average:
The ratio of correct to incorrect responses that the player gave. 

General Jeopardy Information:
-----------------------------
If you aren't familiar with jeopardy, the best way to get familiar is just to 
watch it. It comes on at 7:30 Monday through Friday on WBIR in Knoxville. It's 
good fun!

Wikipedia has a more detailed description of the game here, 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeopardy!#Gameplay
and I'll summarize how it works here: 

There are 3 contestents in each game, and 3 rounds of the game are played: 
Jeopardy, Double Jeopardy, and Final Jeopardy. 

In the Jeopardy and Double Jeopardy round, there are a 6 categories, and 
5 clues associated with each category. Each clue has a different point value, 
with higher value clues associated with harder questions. 

At the beginning of the round, a player selects a clue and the host reads the 
clue. After the host has read the clue, the players have the chance to 
'buzz in' and answer. If the player answers correctly, the player gets the 
point value of the clue added to their score, and gets to select the next 
category and clue. However, if they answer incorrectly, the player gets the 
point value of that clue deducted from their score, and the other players have 
the opportunity to 'rebound' and answer the question that the other 
contestant(s) failed to answer. 

There are special clues called 'Daily Doubles' that are placed randomly in 
clues, and the players do not know where they are. If the player selects a clue
that is a Daily Double, then they are obligated to answer. Additionally, the 
point value of the clue is up to the player: they can 'wager' up to the amount 
of points they they have already accumulated, or up to 1000 points if they have
less than 1000 or a negative score. 

The Final Jeopardy round only contains one clue and one category, and the value
of the clue is howevever much the player chooses to wager from their 
accumulated points.
